# Privacy Policy

## Overview

This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy", "Policy") describes how rmmbr ("we", "us"
or "our") collects, uses, shares, processes and protects personal information
("Personal Information") relating to individuals ("you", or "your"), who may use
or interact with our websites or services, communicate with us, contact us, or
attend our events. "You" may be a visitor to one of our websites, a user of one
or more of our Services ("User"), a collaborator, or a customer ("Customer").

rmmbr respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your Personal
Information (any information that relates to an identified or identifiable
individual).

Note: We do not rent, sell or trade your Personal Information.

## Scope

This Policy applies to all visitors of our websites, and users of our products,
websites, features or services, or any other rmmbr websites that link to this
Policy (collectively, the "Websites"), unless covered by a separate privacy
policy, and explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your
information. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the extent
that we process Personal Information in the role of a processor (or a comparable
role such as "service provider" in certain jurisdictions) on behalf of our
customers, including where we offer to our customers various cloud products and
services, through which our customers (and/or their affiliates) connect their
own applications to our hosted platform, sell or offer their own products and
services, send electronic communications to other individuals, or otherwise
collect, use, share or process Personal Information via our cloud products and
services.

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.

## Data collections and uses

### Overview

This Policy describes how we collect and use your Personal Information, whether
it is shared and/or disclosed, and how we address privacy matters, such as
deletion of your Personal Information upon request, and opting-out of marketing
communications. Lastly, we describe methods for contacting us if you have
privacy questions, comments or feedback.

### Personal Information we collect and receive

Transparency is one of the best ways to earn your trust. Below are the types of
personal data elements we may receive and process about you through: the use of
our website, products, or support services; attendance of our virtual and
in-person events; third party advertising and marketing partners; and
applications to our open roles. The summary sections and tables below explain in
further detail the specific personal data elements information we collect from
you or receive from third parties and why, based upon your relationship with us
and as your relationship evolves with rmmbr.

### Visitors

When you use our products/services/visit our website, we consider you a Visitor.
As a Visitor, the information we collect from you:

- Log data: This is done to maintain website functionality. Log data is
  collected automatically and may include: Internet Protocol (IP) addresses;
  browser types, product versions, and operating systems, date and time stamp,
  language preferences, etc.
- Contact Data (i.e., Names, emails, phone numbers, etc.): This is used to
  respond to your inquiry via our "contact us" methods. This information is
  shared voluntarily.
- Online behavioral data. We may automatically collect certain information about
  your use and interactions with our websites, customers' websites or e-commerce
  stores, Platform, social media websites, and marketing campaigns that we or
  our customers organize, including device information (such as your IP address
  and unique device IDs), page view information and search results, links and if
  you are a customer contact, whether or not a campaign presented or sent to you
  using our offerings has been viewed, delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it
  has bounced or was treated as spam.
- Usage information. We may collect information about your usage of the
  Platform, such as the pages you viewed, the services and features you used or
  interacted with, your browser type and details about any links or
  communications with which you interacted.

## Customers/Prospective Customers (Marketing)

In addition to the data above, you may also voluntarily share Personal
Information with us, as customers or prospective customers, in order to receive
information about products and services, or to register for an upcoming event.
This information may include:

First Name, Last Name, Email, Company name (To respond to your inquiry; Email
you about product offerings, updates and other marketing promotions); This
information is voluntarily shared, to provide individuals with relevant
marketing materials; You can opt out of marketing emails by emailing to the
support channels.

Analytics Information (To measure the effectiveness of our marketing
activities); You can manage your preferences and settings by making choices in
our cookie banner or through our preference center Users/Customers

If you choose to register for an account with rmmbr or on our Websites, you will
share Personal Information with us.

When you register, create a User Account on our Website and begin using our
products, we consider you a User. This section describes our privacy practices
related to Users. Keep in mind Users are also considered Visitors so we collect
this data in addition to what was described for Visitors. The information we
collect for Users includes:

Email, Username, and Password. This is required in order to establish your
account and allow you to securely access it as well as email you about service
updates, maintenance activities, security notifications, weekly summaries, and
other account related information. These are required for us to facilitate your
account lifecycle or to contact you. You can; however, opt out of marketing
emails by emailing support channels.

Phone Number (For 2-factor authentication to increase security). This is
required to enable 2-factor authentication.

Payment Data (credit card data, address, etc.): In order to process you payment,
we require the minimum amount of data. This is required to process your payment.

NOTE: We do not store any financial data, as we use Stripe to process the
payments.

Other personal data. This includes but is not limited by the following use
cases: • To facilitate use of our website contact forms. • To fulfill support
tickets • To facilitate events and attendance • For interactions of social media
• Participation in surveys Each of these activities are optional and personal
data is provided voluntarily.

## How we use Personal Information.

Purposes of Processing

In addition to those detailed above, we will not use or share your Personal
Information in ways unrelated to those described below. We do not use automatic
decision-making or profiling, and will not sell your Personal Information for
any purpose.

Customer's instructions. rmmbr will only share and disclose Personal Information
in accordance with a Customer's instructions, including any applicable terms in
the Customer's agreement(s) with us, and in compliance with applicable laws and
regulations.

Customer access. Owners, administrators and other Customer representatives and
personnel, as defined in the Customer agreement(s) with us, may be able to
access, modify, or restrict access to Personal Information.

To provide and maintain our products. To respond to support requests, prevent or
address any issues, monitor usage, and improve our products.

Administer events. We will use personal data provided to facilitate an event
which may include providing information to third party vendors and partners.

During a change to rmmbr's business. If rmmbr is involved in a merger,
acquisition, sale of all or a portion of our assets, or bankruptcy, your
Personal Information would be an asset transferred to or acquired by the
successor entity or third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur
and that the transferee may process Personal Information in a manner different
to that set out in this Privacy Policy. You will be notified by email and/or a
prominent notice on our Websites of any change in ownership or uses of your
Personal Information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your
Personal Information.

Aggregated or de-identified information. We may disclose or use aggregated or
de-identified Personal Information for any purpose. For example, we may share
aggregated or de-identified information with prospects or partners for business
or research purposes, such as showing a total count of active users accessing
our products. We may use aggregated and de-identified Personal Information to
further develop our own products and services as well.

To enforce our rights, prevent fraud, and for safety. rmmbr may process your
Personal Information to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of
rmmbr or third parties, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in
connection with investigating and preventing fraud or security issues. In all
such instances, use and disclosure will be limited as much as reasonably
possible. Legal Basis for Processing

Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in
the above sections will depend on the personal information concerned and the
specific context in which we collect it. However, in most cases we collect the
personal information to facilitate the business relationships we have with our
Users where we have consent to do so, to fulfill contractual agreements, or to
pursue our legitimate interests where these are not overridden by the interests,
rights, or freedoms of Users. In some cases we may be required legally to
collect or disclose personal information; in which case we will make this clear.
In other cases, where we rely on an alternative legal basis, we will do so only
with the appropriate legal requirements in place. For any questions on our legal
basis for processing, please contact us at support channels.

## Third Party Sharing

We may engage third party companies or individuals as service providers or
business partners to process Personal Information and support our business. We
may share Personal Information with third parties for a variety of reasons,
including but not limited to:

Service providers, business partners, and subprocessors. Service providers,
business partners, and subprocessors all help to support rmmbr's products and
operations. For a full list of rmmbr's subprocessors that process Personal
Information on our behalf, please view this webpage or reach out to support
channels.

To comply with laws. If we receive a valid request for information, we may
disclose Personal Information if we reasonably believe disclosure is in
accordance with or required to comply with the legal process, a government
request, or any applicable law or regulation.

## How long do we keep your data?

We only process and keep any Personal Information for as long as necessary to
achieve the purpose for which the information was originally collected. The
exact length of time we keep Personal Information depends on our processing
purposes and the statutory retention period for that type of information. After
the statutory period of time passes, or if storage of Personal Information is
not needed, Personal Information is deleted or anonymized.

## Security

rmmbr takes appropriate administrative, technical, physical, and organizational
security measures to protect your Personal Information from loss, theft, misuse
and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We follow
industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both
during transmission and once it is received, taking into account the nature of
such information and the risks involved in processing, and comply with
applicable laws and regulations. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure
the Personal Information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our
best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of
data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of
misuse. For more information on our practices with regards to security and
confidentiality please visit our security page.

If you have any questions about our security, or have reason to believe that
your interaction with us is no longer secure, please contact us.

## Notice for California Residents

The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is a new data privacy law that
applies to certain businesses which collect Personal Information from California
residents. The law went into effect on January 1, 2020. rmmbr now offers data
protection terms pursuant to the EU GDPR and UK GDPR in Europe and the same
terms under the CCPA. Your rights under the CCPA are described below.

Please note that rmmbr does not rent or sell any Personal Information.

In addition, California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The
Light" law, permits California residents to request and obtain from us, once a
year and free of charge, 1) information about categories of Personal Information
(if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes, and 2) the
names and addresses of the third parties with which we shared Personal
Information in the preceding calendar year.

If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered
account with our Websites, you have the right to request removal of unwanted
data that you publicly post on our Websites. To request removal of such data,
please contact us at support channels and include the email address associated
with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make
sure the data is not publicly displayed on our Websites, but please be aware
that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems
due to legal and regulatory requirements.

## Your Rights

We recognize, under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield,
CCPA, the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR, the Brazilian General Data Protection Law
(LGPD), and other applicable privacy laws, that you may have certain rights in
regards to your Personal Information. We feel that your privacy and ability to
preserve and exercise your rights is very important. You are encouraged to
review and understand these rights as they pertain to you and your Personal
Information. In certain circumstances, these rights include, but are not limited
to:

- Right to be Informed: This means we have to tell you why we process your
  Personal Information, our retention periods, and who it will be shared with.
- Right of Access: This means we have to provide you with a copy of your
  Personal Information we process upon your request.
- Right to Rectification: This allows you to have inaccurate Personal
  Information rectified, or completed if it is incomplete.
- Right to Erasure: This allows you to have your Personal Information erased.
- Right to Restrict Processing: This means you can limit the way we use their
  data.
- Right to Data Portability: This allows you to receive a copy of your Personal
  Information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and
  gives you the right to transmit the data to another controller without
  hindrance.
- Right to Object: This allows you to object to the processing of your Personal
  Information at any time.
- Right to Non-Discrimination: The CCPA prohibits covered businesses from
  discriminating against consumers for exercising their CCPA rights. This means
  we cannot charge a different price, deny access to our products, or impose
  penalties for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
- Right to Withdraw Consent: This means you can withdraw your consent at any
  time.

In support of these rights, you may exercise any of the above rights, with
respect to your Personal Information. You may update, correct, or delete your
Personal Information; if you wish to delete or suspend your account, please note
that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate
business purposes. If you have become aware that an account has been created
about you without your knowledge or consent, you may contact us to request
deletion of that said account.

For your protection, we may only respond with the Personal Information
associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your
request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your
request. We will respond to your request within reasonable time.

## Changes to This Policy

If we make material changes to this Policy, we will update it including revision
history, and in some cases, where required by law, we may provide you with more
prominent notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an
email notification). Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately
upon posting of the updated Privacy Policy.

We encourage you to review the Policy whenever you access the Websites to stay
informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your
privacy.

## Contact Us

For any and all privacy-related matters, questions or comments, or to exercise a
right under the EU's GDPR, the UK's GDPR or the CCPA, you may contact us.

EU or Swiss residents with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy
should first contact our support channels. Please allow a reasonable amount of
time to respond to your request.

If these processes do not result in a resolution, you may then contact your
local data protection authority, the U.S. Department of Commerce, and/or the
Federal Trade Commission for assistance. Under certain conditions, you may
invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been
exhausted and upon written notice to our support channels.
